The Lord's nine clans are rebellious
Run one to win Kyushu
Run a non-surrender dragon point
Now your nine clans are so virtuous
Then it is no longer worthy to support the nine tripods to destroy the Buddha
Words of knowledge
Take me away
Otherwise, don't blame our nine clans for stepping down the Tianlong Hall
How come?
How did that happen?
Is this Aizhao?
This is the sign of your rebellion
omen
Where's the sign?
What kind of big wind and waves have we never seen?
It's just a thunderstorm.
Can't scare us
It seems that you are really not afraid of God's curse.
What a curse
Where did the damnation come from?
If you have the ability, come to me
Father father
What's going on?
Is there really retribution?
This is just a small punishment for your rebellion
True scourge
It hasn't started yet.
No matter how stubborn
Cycle of retribution
Scourge is coming
Can you afford it?
Stop pretending to be a ghost
It was just a relapse of my old illness
Just feeling unwell
What a curse
The newspaper should not be pretending here
Don't believe him
He made up lies for his own personal gain
In order to let us nine clans control him
Li Ruyu, you are so narcissistic
Back then, I gave the essence to your nine clans
And waiting is already a blessing
Now the world is peaceful
I'm just here to retrieve what belongs to me
I could have marched.
The reason why I married nine of you
Just so as not to hurt your lives
Now you don't know good people
Yang Fan, don't do this
He still wants to marry the goddess of our nine clans
You don't pee, take a picture of yourself, do you deserve it?